added docs changes for Apache, Apache Tomcat, Haproxy, IIS-10, Nginx, Nginx Ingress, Nginx Plus and Nginx Plus Ingress (#5017)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/web-servers/nginx-ingress.md

This section provides instructions for configuring log and metric collection for the Sumo Logic app for Nginx Ingress.

In the Kubernetes environment, we use our Sumo Logic Kubernetes collection. You can learn more about this [here](/docs/observability/kubernetes/collection-setup).

Configuring log and metric collection for the Nginx Ingress app includes the following tasks:

### Step 1: Configure fields in Sumo Logic

> Additionally, if you are using Nginx Ingress in the Kubernetes environment, Following fields will be created automatically as a part of the app installation process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you're using Nginx Ingress in the Kubernetes environment, the following fields will be created automatically during the app installation process:
```

  **Do not modify** the following values set by this configuration as it will cause the Sumo Logic app to not function correctly.
     * `component: “webserver”`. This value is used by Sumo Logic apps to identify application components.
     * `webserver_system: “nginx_ingress”`. This value identifies the database system.
<br/>

> **FER to normalize the fields in Kubernetes environments**. Labels created in Kubernetes environments automatically are prefixed with `pod_labels`. To normalize these for our app to work, we will have a Field Extraction Rule automatically created for Nginx Application Components named as **AppObservabilityNginxIngressWebserverFER**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**FER to normalize the fields in Kubernetes environments**. Labels created in Kubernetes environments automatically are prefixed with `pod_labels`. To normalize these for our app to work, we will have a Field Extraction Rule automatically created for Nginx Application Components named as **AppObservabilityNginxIngressWebserverFER**.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/web-servers/Nginx-Ingress-Controller-Metrics.png')} alt="Nginx-Ingress-Controller-Metrics" />

> ## Installing Nginx Ingress Monitors
> 
> import CreateMonitors from '../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';
> 
> After [setting up collection](/docs/integrations/web-servers/nginx), you can proceed to installing the Nginx Ingress monitors, app, and view examples of each of dashboard.
> 
> :::note
> - Ensure that you have [Manage Monitors role capability](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#alerting) permissions to install the Apache Tomcat Alerts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Installing Nginx Ingress Monitors

import CreateMonitors from '../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';

After [setting up collection](/docs/integrations/web-servers/nginx), you can proceed to installing the Nginx Ingress monitors, app, and view examples of each of dashboard.

:::note
- Ensure that you have [Manage Monitors role capability](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#alerting) permissions to install the Nginx Ingress alerts.
```
